President Song has lost his memory
Many workers have forgotten
Mr. Song is actually the CEO appointed by the president
Your opinion is the opinion of the president
It seems that the president's little trick is about to be worn out
I have to get away from normal
Hey, Mr. Song, since you have work to talk about
I'm going to make a pot of hot tea for everyone first
Lite column
Tea can't afford
You have to do it.
Now I have amnesia
I also hope that Li Tezhu will stay
Give some pointers
Uh uh
Li Te Zhu
What you just said about me means the president
Then I'll let you make a pot of tea
Is that okay?
Fairy fight
mortal fly
The heart is destroyed
Outsiders are gone
Now it's time to talk about what happened between us
Your teacup is empty
What water to drink
Or are you nervous?
Nervous, you are not disappointed at all
Ah!
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
Uh, Miss Song
If you talk about things other than work
I don't think we need to talk anymore
No need.